Sure! A CSS reset is a set of styles that you apply at the start of your CSS file to reset or override the default browser styles. The aim is to create a consistent baseline that you can build upon across all browsers. This way, you know that all browsers are starting from the same place and will therefore render your site more consistently.

When web browsers are shipped, they come with a set of default styles - a "user agent stylesheet" - that they apply to web pages. These styles vary slightly from browser to browser, which is why a webpage can look slightly different when viewed in different browsers.

The idea of a CSS reset is to counteract these browser defaults, setting everything to a known state before you start writing your own styles.

Here's an example of a simple CSS reset, popularly known as the "Meyer Reset", created by Eric Meyer:

```css
html, body, div, span, applet, object, iframe,
h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, p, blockquote, pre,
a, abbr, acronym, address, big, cite, code,
del, dfn, em, img, ins, kbd, q, s, samp,
small, strike, strong, sub, sup, tt, var,
b, u, i, center,
dl, dt, dd, ol, ul, li,
fieldset, form, label, legend,
table, caption, tbody, tfoot, thead, tr, th, td,
article, aside, canvas, details, embed, 
figure, figcaption, footer, header, hgroup, 
menu, nav, output, ruby, section, summary,
time, mark, audio, video {
	margin: 0;
	padding: 0;
	border: 0;
	font-size: 100%;
	font: inherit;
	vertical-align: baseline;
}
/* HTML5 display-role reset for older browsers */
article, aside, details, figcaption, figure, 
footer, header, hgroup, menu, nav, section {
	display: block;
}
body {
	line-height: 1;
}
ol, ul {
	list-style: none;
}
blockquote, q {
	quotes: none;
}
blockquote:before, blockquote:after,
q:before, q:after {
	content: '';
	content: none;
}
table {
	border-collapse: collapse;
	border-spacing: 0;
}
```
As you can see, it sets margins, padding, borders, font-size, and other properties to zero or neutral values for a large set of elements.

In addition to CSS resets, there's also a similar concept called "Normalize.css" created by Nicolas Gallagher. It's not a full reset. It preserves useful defaults rather than "unstyling" everything. It also corrects some common bugs that are out of scope for resets. Both resets and Normalize.css are useful, and the choice between the two depends on your project's needs.

Always remember that you will have to redefine the styles that you want to use on your page after applying a reset or Normalize.css. It’s a way to force consistency from the very start in your project.