CSS preprocessors are scripting languages that extend the default capabilities of CSS. They enable developers to use variables, nesting, mixins, inheritance, and other functionalities that can make CSS more powerful and easier to work with. When the preprocessor scripts are processed, they generate CSS that browsers can understand.

There are several CSS preprocessors, but the most commonly used are:

1. **Sass (Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets)**: Sass, which includes the SCSS syntax, is a very mature, stable, and powerful professional-grade CSS extension language. It is fully compatible with all versions of CSS and the tool of choice for many web developers.

2. **Less (Leaner Style Sheets)**: Less is a backwards-compatible language extension for CSS. It's easy to learn, especially if you're already familiar with CSS. The main difference between Less and Sass is in the way they handle logic and build their ecosystems.

3. **Stylus**: Stylus is an expressive language that generates robust, efficient, and feature-rich CSS. One of its main features is optional punctuation, as well as an implicit hierarchy, which can make your stylesheets more succinct.

Here's an example of what SCSS (Sassy CSS, the syntax of Sass) looks like:

```scss
$font-stack:    Helvetica, sans-serif;
$primary-color: #333;

body {
  font: 100% $font-stack;
  color: $primary-color;
  
  .container {
    width: 100%;
    
    .nav {
      float: right;
      
      li {
        display: inline-block;
        margin-left: 1em;
      }
    }
  }
}
```

This will compile to the following CSS:

```css
body {
  font: 100% Helvetica, sans-serif;
  color: #333;
}

body .container {
  width: 100%;
}

body .container .nav {
  float: right;
}

body .container .nav li {
  display: inline-block;
  margin-left: 1em;
}
```

In this example, we're using variables ($font-stack, $primary-color), nesting (.container and .nav within body), and other features not normally available in vanilla CSS.

In terms of when to use a CSS preprocessor, it depends on the complexity of your project. For small projects with a simple structure, vanilla CSS is often sufficient. But as your projects grow, preprocessors can help you keep your styles organized and easier to maintain.

Remember, to use a preprocessor, you'll need a build tool to compile your preprocessed styles into standard CSS that browsers can understand. This can be done through command-line interfaces or build tools such as Gulp, Grunt, Webpack, or through certain code editors and their extensions.

I hope this gives you a good start on CSS preprocessors! If you have more specific questions or want to dive into one preprocessor in particular, feel free to ask!