Absolutely! Styling `<span>` elements is very similar to styling `<div>` elements or any other HTML elements. 

The `<span>` tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document. It can be used to group inline-elements in a document and provides no visual change by itself. But, when used with CSS, it can be used to style sections of text.

For example, if you want to color the text inside a span, you can use the `color` property in your CSS:

HTML:
```html
<p>This is a <span>colored text</span> inside a paragraph.</p>
```

CSS:
```css
span {
    color: red;
}
```

In this case, the text "colored text" will be displayed in red.

If you want to add a background color to your span, you can use the `background-color` property:

CSS:
```css
span {
    color: red;
    background-color: yellow;
}
```

Now, the text "colored text" will be red and have a yellow background.

You can also add a border to your span with the `border` property:

CSS:
```css
span {
    color: red;
    background-color: yellow;
    border: 1px solid black;
}
```

In this example, the text "colored text" will be red, have a yellow background, and a black border.

Please remember, just like the previous example with `<div>`s, these styles apply to all `<span>` elements in your HTML document. If you need to select a specific `<span>` without using a class or id, you can use more advanced selectors like `:first-child`, `:last-child`, `:nth-child()`, etc. But for simplicity, this example will apply the styles to all `<span>` elements.

And that's it! You can now style the color, background, and borders of your `<span>` tags. Let me know if you want to learn about any other aspects of CSS!