Sure, I'd be happy to help with that!

When you talk about coloring divs in an HTML file, there are mainly two things you might want to color: the text color and the background color. You do this using the CSS properties `color` and `background-color`, respectively. 

Here's a simple example:

HTML:
```html
<div class="example">Hello, World!</div>
```

CSS:
```css
.example {
    color: white;  /* This colors the text. */
    background-color: blue;  /* This colors the background of the div. */
}
```

In this example, "Hello, World!" will appear in white text on a blue background.

Here, `color` and `background-color` are CSS properties, and `white` and `blue` are the values we've set for those properties. These values can be any CSS-recognized color name, or you can use hexadecimal color codes, RGB values, or HSL values to specify colors. Here are examples of these:

```css
.example {
    color: #ffffff;  /* This is white in hexadecimal color code. */
    background-color: rgb(0, 0, 255);  /* This is blue in RGB values. */
}
```

In addition to text color and background color, you might also want to add a border color to your divs. You can use the `border` property for this:

```css
.example {
    color: white;
    background-color: blue;
    border: 2px solid red;  /* The border is 2 pixels wide, solid, and red. */
}
```

In the border property, `2px` is the border width, `solid` is the border style, and `red` is the border color.

And there you go! With this knowledge, you should be able to add a splash of color to any div on your webpage. Just remember that in order to link your CSS with your HTML, you'll need to either include your CSS in a `<style>` tag in your HTML file, or link to an external CSS file using a `<link>` tag. Let me know if there's anything else you'd like to learn about!

**Applying to divs tags without classes**

Certainly, you can apply styles directly to HTML elements without using classes. This is often referred to as element selectors in CSS. Here's an example:

HTML:
```html
<div>Hello, World!</div>
```

CSS:
```css
div {
    color: white;  /* This colors the text. */
    background-color: blue;  /* This colors the background of the div. */
    border: 2px solid red;  /* The border is 2 pixels wide, solid, and red. */
}
```

In this case, the CSS rules will apply to all `<div>` elements in your HTML document. If you want to select a specific `<div>` without using a class or id, you can use more advanced selectors like `:first-child`, `:last-child`, `:nth-child()`, etc. But for simplicity, this example will apply the styles to all `<div>` elements.

Do note that applying styles directly to HTML elements like this can lead to styles being applied too broadly if you're not careful. This is why it's more common to use class or id selectors to apply styles to specific elements, especially in larger projects. However, for smaller projects or simple pages, styling elements directly can be just fine.

