Pseudo-classes in CSS are keywords added to selectors that specify a special state of the element to be selected. For example, `:hover` can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

Here are some commonly used pseudo-classes:

**1. `:hover`:** This applies styles to an element when you hover over it.

```css
button:hover {
    background-color: blue;
}
```

**2. `:active`:** This applies styles to an element at the moment it is being clicked.

```css
button:active {
    background-color: red;
}
```

**3. `:focus`:** This applies styles to an element when it has focus. This is commonly used on form inputs.

```css
input:focus {
    border: 2px solid blue;
}
```

**4. `:visited`:** This applies styles to links that have been clicked (visited).

```css
a:visited {
    color: purple;
}
```

**5. `:link`:** This applies styles to links that have not been clicked yet.

```css
a:link {
    color: blue;
}
```

**6. `:first-child` and `:last-child`:** These apply styles to the first or last child of a parent element, respectively.

```css
li:first-child {
    font-weight: bold;
}

li:last-child {
    color: red;
}
```

**7. `:nth-child(n)`:** This applies styles to the nth child of a parent element. You can also use keywords `odd` and `even`.

```css
li:nth-child(odd) {
    background-color: lightgray;
}
```

**8. `:not(selector)`:** This applies styles to all elements that do not match the given selector.

```css
div:not(.highlight) {
    opacity: 0.5;
}
```

These are just a few examples of pseudo-classes. They can greatly enhance the interactivity and design of your web pages. Keep in mind that some pseudo-classes can also accept parameters (like `:nth-child(n)`), and multiple pseudo-classes can be chained together. For example, `a:visited:hover` applies styles to visited links on hover.

**KNOWLEDGE-LINKS**

[[3.5.5 - CSS - Selector - Pseudo Classes - Styling Hyperlinks]]
[[3.5.1 - CSS - Selector - Pseudo Classes - First Child]]
[[3.5.2 - CSS - Selector - Pseudo Classes - Last Child]]
[[3.5.3 - CSS - Selector - Pseudo Classes - nth-child]]
[[3.5.4 - CSS - Selector - Pseudo Classes - not(selector)]]
