JavaScript's "strict mode" is a feature introduced in ECMAScript 5 (ES5) that allows you to opt into a more rigorous error-checking mode. The objective of strict mode is to prevent certain actions from being taken and to throw more exceptions when potential mistakes in your code are made. In other words, it helps you catch mistakes that would otherwise be ignored.

To activate strict mode, you simply add the string "use strict"; at the top of your file or a function. 

```javascript
"use strict";
```

Here are some of the main differences when using strict mode:

1. **Variable Declaration:** In non-strict mode, you can accidentally create global variables if you forget to use `var`, `let`, or `const`. However, in strict mode, if you try to use a variable that has not been declared, JavaScript will throw an error.

```javascript
"use strict";
x = 3.14; // This will throw an error because x has not been declared
```

2. **Read-Only Properties:** In non-strict mode, if you try to change a read-only or non-writable global variable (like `undefined`, `Infinity`, or `NaN`), the operation will silently fail. However, in strict mode, this will throw an error.

```javascript
"use strict";
NaN = "hello"; // This will throw an error
```

3. **Deleting Variables, Functions, or Function Arguments:** In non-strict mode, trying to delete variables, functions, or function arguments will not work but it won't throw an error. In strict mode, these operations will throw an error.

```javascript
"use strict";
var x = 3.14;
delete x; // This will throw an error
```

4. **Duplicate Parameter Values:** In non-strict mode, you can use the same parameter name more than once in a function. In strict mode, this will throw an error.

```javascript
"use strict";
function x(p1, p1) {} // This will throw an error
```

5. **Octal Numeric Literals:** In non-strict mode, you can use octal numeric literals (e.g., `0123`). In strict mode, this will throw an error.

```javascript
"use strict";
var x = 010; // This will throw an error
```

6. **`this` Keyword:** In non-strict mode, the `this` keyword in functions refers to the global object if it's not part of an object. In strict mode, the `this` value remains at whatever it was set to when entering the execution context, which can be `undefined` or `null` if the function was not called as a method or with the `new` operator.

```javascript
"use strict";
function myFunction() {
  console.log(this); // This will return 'undefined'
}
myFunction();
```

In conclusion, enabling strict mode helps you catch common mistakes and "bad practices" in your code, making your code more robust, understandable, and predictable. It's generally a good idea to use strict mode in your JavaScript projects.