The difference between function declarations and function expressions involves variable hoisting, function naming, and how they are defined and used in your code. Here's a quick comparison:

1. **Hoisting**: Function declarations are hoisted, which means they are lifted to the top of their containing scope during the compile phase. This allows you to call a function before it's defined in your code. Function expressions, on the other hand, are not hoisted, so you must define a function expression before you call it.

   For example:

   ```javascript
   // Function Declaration
   console.log(myFunctionDeclaration()); // Outputs: "Function Declaration"
   
   function myFunctionDeclaration() {
       return "Function Declaration";
   }

   // Function Expression
   console.log(myFunctionExpression()); // Outputs: TypeError: myFunctionExpression is not a function
   
   var myFunctionExpression = function() {
       return "Function Expression";
   }
   ```

2. **Naming**: Function declarations require a name after the `function` keyword, whereas function expressions do not. An unnamed function expression is also known as an anonymous function. However, you can give a name to function expressions, but that name is only local to the function's scope.

   Example:

   ```javascript
   // Function Declaration
   function greet() {
     console.log("Hello, Reksy!");
   }
   
   // Function Expression (Anonymous)
   var greet = function() {
     console.log("Hello, Reksy!");
   }

   // Function Expression (Named)
   var greet = function greeting() {
     console.log("Hello, Reksy!");
   };
   ```

3. **Definition**: A function declaration is a standalone function that you define with the `function` keyword followed by the function's name, a list of parameters in parentheses, and the function body enclosed in curly brackets. A function expression is a function that's assigned to a variable. It's defined with the `function` keyword, followed by a list of parameters in parentheses and the function body in curly brackets.

In general, whether you use function declarations or function expressions often depends on your specific use case and coding style preference. However, understanding these differences can help you write more predictable and bug-free code.

# **LINKS**
[[10.2.1 - JavaScript - Functions - Function Declaration]]
[[10.2.2 - JavaScript - Functions - Function expression]]
[[10.2.3 - JavaScript - Functions - when to use Function declarations and Function expression]]