Understanding parameters and arguments is fundamental to using functions effectively in JavaScript.

**Parameters** and **Arguments**, while sometimes used interchangeably, have different meanings when it comes to functions:

- **Parameters** are the names listed in the function definition.
- **Arguments** are the real values that are passed to the function when it is invoked or called.

### Parameters

In the function definition, we declare **parameters**. Parameters are like placeholders for the data that will be passed into the function when it is called.

```javascript
function addNumbers(num1, num2) {
  return num1 + num2;
}
```

In the example above, `num1` and `num2` are parameters.

### Arguments

When we call or invoke the function, we give it **arguments**. These are the actual values that replace the parameters and are used inside the function's logic.

```javascript
let sum = addNumbers(5, 7);
```

In this example, `5` and `7` are the arguments.

### More Details

- Functions can be defined with no parameters, one parameter, or more than one parameter. The parameters are listed in the parentheses following the function name, separated by commas.

- When you call a function, you provide the same number of arguments as there are parameters, in the same order. The arguments can be expressions, as they are evaluated before the function is called.

- If you define a function with parameters but call it without providing arguments, those parameters will be `undefined` within the function.

- If you provide more arguments than there are parameters when calling a function, the additional arguments will be ignored (in non-strict mode), but you can still access them using the `arguments` object in the function.

Here's an example of a function with multiple parameters and arguments:

```javascript
function createGreeting(greeting, name) {
  return `${greeting}, ${name}!`;
}

console.log(createGreeting('Hello', 'Reksy')); // Outputs: Hello, Reksy!
```

In this example, `greeting` and `name` are parameters, while `'Hello'` and `'Reksy'` are arguments.