JavaScript functions can be categorized in many different ways based on different parameters like their purpose, the way they accept parameters, how they are declared, etc. Here are the most commonly used types of functions in JavaScript:

**1. Regular Functions:** This is the most traditional form of functions. They are declared using the `function` keyword.

```javascript
function greet(name) {
  console.log(`Hello, ${name}!`);
}
greet('Rexsy');
```

**2. Anonymous Functions:** These are functions that are declared without any named identifier. They are usually not accessible after their initial creation.

```javascript
let greet = function(name) {
  console.log(`Hello, ${name}!`);
};
greet('Rexsy');
```

**3. Arrow Functions:** Introduced in ES6, arrow functions have a shorter syntax compared to regular functions. They are anonymous functions and don't have their own `this` value.

```javascript
let greet = (name) => {
  console.log(`Hello, ${name}!`);
};
greet('Rexsy');
```

**4. IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression):** This is a JavaScript function that runs as soon as it is defined.

```javascript
(function(name) {
  console.log(`Hello, ${name}!`);
})('Rexsy');
```

**5. Named Function Expressions:** These are similar to function expressions, but they have a name.

```javascript
let greet = function greeter(name) {
  console.log(`Hello, ${name}!`);
};
greet('Rexsy');
```

**6. Constructor Functions:** A constructor function is initialized with a number of parameters, which is assigned to the properties of `this` keyword. It's primarily used to create objects.

```javascript
function Person(name) {
  this.name = name;
  this.greet = function() {
    console.log(`Hello, ${this.name}!`);
  };
}

let rexsy = new Person('Rexsy');
rexsy.greet();
```

**7. Generator Functions:** These functions return a Generator object, and they are defined using `function*` syntax. They can be paused and resumed, which is why they are useful for making asynchronous operations behave more synchronously.

```javascript
function* idGenerator() {
  let id = 0;
  while (true) {
    yield id++;
  }
}

const ids = idGenerator();
console.log(ids.next().value);  // 0
console.log(ids.next().value);  // 1
```

**8. Callback Functions:** These are functions that are passed as arguments to another function and are invoked after some operation has been completed. This is why they are called 'call back', as they allow other code to run in the meantime and call back when the asynchronous operation is complete.

```javascript
setTimeout(function() { 
  console.log('Hello, Rexsy!') 
}, 1000);
```

**9. Pure Functions:** A Pure function is a function where the return value is only determined by its input values, without any side effects.

```javascript
function sum(a, b) {
  return a + b;
}
```

Each of these function types has their own uses and are helpful in different scenarios. Depending on the situation, you would choose to use one over another. The key is understanding how each of them work and where they could be best utilized.

# LINKS
[[10.4.1 - JavaScript - Functions - Type of Functions - Regular Functions]]
[[10.4.2 - JavaScript - Functions - Type of Functions - Anonymous Functions]]
[[10.4.3 - JavaScript - Functions - Type of Functions - Arrow Function]]