Arrow functions, introduced in ES6 (also known as ES2015), provide a concise syntax to create functions, and have some differences compared to traditional function expressions.

Here's the syntax for an arrow function:

```javascript
const myFunc = (param1, param2) => {
  // function body
};
```

In its simplest form, an arrow function can be written even more concisely if it takes a single argument and returns a value directly:

```javascript
const square = x => x * x;
console.log(square(5)); // Output: 25
```

### Key Features of Arrow Functions:

**1. Shorter Syntax:**
The arrow function syntax is shorter than traditional function syntax. You can skip the `function` keyword, and if the function only has one parameter, you can also skip parentheses `()`.

**2. Implicit Returns:**
Arrow functions allow for implicit return of expressions which makes them even more concise for simple functions.

```javascript
const square = x => x * x;  // Implicit return
```

**3. No Separate 'this':**
Arrow functions don't create their own `this` value. They inherit `this` from the parent scope, which can be very useful when working with object methods or event handlers in frameworks like React.

```javascript
class MyClass {
  constructor() {
    this.value = 10;
  }

  myMethod = () => {
    // The arrow function does not have its own 'this'
    // So 'this' is referring to the surrounding scope, which is the class instance
    console.log(this.value); 
  }
}

const myInstance = new MyClass();
myInstance.myMethod(); // Output: 10
```

**4. No 'arguments' Object:**
Arrow functions do not provide an `arguments` object. If you need to work with arbitrary number of arguments, you can use rest parameters.

```javascript
const sum = (...args) => {
  return args.reduce((a, b) => a + b, 0);
}
console.log(sum(1, 2, 3, 4)); // Output: 10
```

It's important to note that arrow functions can't be used as constructors and they also don't have prototype properties. They're generally best used for small utility functions and as callbacks where the `this` behavior is beneficial. 

I hope this gives you a good understanding of arrow functions in JavaScript, Rexsy! If you have further questions, feel free to ask.

# **LINKS**
[[10.4.3.1 - JavaScript - Functions -When to use Arrow Function]]