In JavaScript, objects are a key component. They are essentially collections of key-value pairs, where the values can be anything from strings, numbers, arrays, to even other objects. One powerful feature of JavaScript objects is that their values can also be functions. When a function is associated with an object, it's called a method.

Here's a simple example:

```javascript
let person = {
  firstName: "John",
  firstName: "Doe",
  getFullName: function() {
    return this.firstName + " " + this.lastName;
  }
};
```

In this object, `getFullName` is a method. You can call it like this:

```javascript
console.log(person.getFullName());  // Outputs "John Doe"
```

In the context of a method, `this` refers to the object the method is associated with, so `this.firstName` refers to `person.firstName` and `this.lastName` refers to `person.lastName`.

You can also define methods with the shorter syntax in ES6:

```javascript
let person = {
  firstName: "John",
  lastName: "Doe",
  getFullName() {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  }
};
```

This syntax can be cleaner and more concise.

Also, JavaScript provides many built-in methods for objects, such as:

- `Object.keys(obj)`: This method returns an array of a given object's own enumerable property names.
- `Object.values(obj)`: This method returns an array of a given object's own enumerable property values.
- `Object.entries(obj)`: This method returns an array of a given object's own enumerable string-keyed property [key, value] pairs.
- `Object.assign(target, ...sources)`: This method is used to copy the values of all enumerable own properties from one or more source objects to a target object.

Example:

```javascript
let person = {
  firstName: "John",
  lastName: "Doe"
};

console.log(Object.keys(person)); // Outputs: ["firstName", "lastName"]
console.log(Object.values(person)); // Outputs: ["John", "Doe"]
console.log(Object.entries(person)); // Outputs: [["firstName", "John"], ["lastName", "Doe"]]

let newPerson = Object.assign({}, person, {age: 25});
console.log(newPerson); // Outputs: {firstName: "John", lastName: "Doe", age: 25}
```

Remember that methods can be very powerful. They can include any JavaScript code, they can alter the object's properties, and they can even create new properties on the fly.