Sure, let's learn about objects in JavaScript. 

In JavaScript, an object is a standalone entity, with properties and types. It is a collection of related data and/or functionality (which usually consists of several variables and functions, which are called properties and methods when they are inside objects).

Here is how you can create an object:

```javascript
let person = {
    firstName: 'John',
    lastName: 'Doe',
    age: 30,
    nationality: 'American'
};
```
In this example, `person` is an object. The object has properties `firstName`, `lastName`, `age` and `nationality`.

You can access the properties of an object using dot notation:

```javascript
console.log(person.firstName);  // Outputs: John
console.log(person.age);  // Outputs: 30
```
Or using bracket notation:

```javascript
console.log(person['lastName']);  // Outputs: Doe
```

You can also change an existing property value:

```javascript
person.age = 40;
console.log(person.age);  // Outputs: 40
```

Or add new properties:

```javascript
person.profession = 'Engineer';
console.log(person.profession);  // Outputs: Engineer
```

Methods are functions that are stored as object properties. Use the following syntax to create an object method:

```javascript
let person = {
    firstName: 'John',
    lastName: 'Doe',
    age: 30,
    nationality: 'American',
    fullName: function() {
        return this.firstName + ' ' + this.lastName;
    }
};

console.log(person.fullName());  // Outputs: John Doe
```

In this example, `fullName` is a method, and `this` is an object reference. `this.firstName` means the `firstName` property of this object.

Remember, JavaScript objects are mutable. They are addressed by reference, not by value. So, if `person1` is an object which is copied to another object `person2`, and if `person1` is changed, then the changes are also reflected in `person2`.

This covers the basic concepts about objects in JavaScript. There's a lot more to learn, like object constructors, the `new` keyword, prototypes, inheritance, classes, etc. But those are more advanced topics.

### **LINKS**
[[11.2.1 - JavaScript - Data Structures - Object - `this` keyword]]
[[11.2.2 - JavaScript - Data Structures - Object - object methods]]
[[11.2.3 - JavaScript - Data Structures - Object - retrieve data on an object]]