Of course, Rexsy! The `const` keyword in JavaScript allows you to declare a constant, a variable that cannot be reassigned (aka cant be mutated). Let's dive into this in more detail:

## **Declaration and Initialization**

You declare a constant in JavaScript using the `const` keyword, and it must be initialized at the time of declaration.

```javascript
const PI = 3.14159;
```

In this case, we've declared a constant named `PI` and initialized it with the value `3.14159`.

## **Assignment**

Once a constant has been declared and initialized, you cannot assign a new value to it. If you try to do so, JavaScript will throw an error.

```javascript
const PI = 3.14159;
PI = 3.14; // Uncaught TypeError: Assignment to constant variable.
```

This error is thrown because we tried to assign a new value to `PI`, which is a constant.

## **Block Scope**

Like `let`, `const` also has block scope. That means a constant is only accessible within the block of code in which it's defined and any nested blocks.

```javascript
{
  const MESSAGE = 'Hello, World!';
  console.log(MESSAGE); // 'Hello, World!'
}
console.log(MESSAGE); // Error: MESSAGE is not defined
```

In this case, `MESSAGE` is only accessible within the block of code (the curly braces `{}`). If you try to access `MESSAGE` outside of this block, you'll get an error.

## **Temporal Dead Zone**

`const` also has the Temporal Dead Zone (TDZ) characteristic. It will throw an error if they are accessed before they are declared.

```javascript
console.log(MY_CONST); // Uncaught ReferenceError: MY_CONST is not defined
const MY_CONST = 'Hello, World!';
```

## **`const` and Objects**

While a `const` variable can't be reassigned, if the `const` variable holds an object, the properties of that object can be changed:

```javascript
const car = { color: 'red' };
car.color = 'blue'; // This is okay
car = { color: 'yellow' }; // Error: Assignment to constant variable.
```

Even though `car` is a constant, we can change its `color` property. However, we can't assign a new object to `car`.

The `const` keyword provides a way to keep variables from being reassigned, which can help prevent bugs in your code. It's an important tool in the JavaScript language, and understanding how to use it effectively is key to writing robust JavaScript code.