JavaScript has one number type, simply named `Number`, and it can be used to represent both integers and floating point numbers. Here's a basic example:

```javascript
let count = 42; // an integer
let weight = 185.5; // a floating-point number
```

JavaScript Numbers can represent values from `5e-324` (very close to 0) up to `1.7976931348623157e+308` (very large number). Numbers outside this range are represented as `Infinity` for positive values and `-Infinity` for negative values.

JavaScript numbers are 64-bit floating point numbers, which means they have a high degree of precision but can sometimes produce surprising results. For example, `0.1 + 0.2` equals `0.30000000000000004` due to the way floating point numbers are handled.

### Special Number values

JavaScript also includes several special values in the Number type:

1. `Infinity`: Represents the mathematical value of infinity. It's greater than any other value and you get it by dividing by zero or evaluating an expression that grows without bound.

    ```javascript
    let infiniteNumber = 1 / 0;
    console.log(infiniteNumber); // Outputs: Infinity
    ```

2. `-Infinity`: It's just like `Infinity` but negative.

    ```javascript
    let negativeInfiniteNumber = -1 / 0;
    console.log(negativeInfiniteNumber); // Outputs: -Infinity
    ```

3. `NaN` (Not a Number): Represents a special 'not a number' value. It's the result of an undefined or unrepresentable mathematical operation.

    ```javascript
    let notANumber = Math.sqrt(-1);
    console.log(notANumber); // Outputs: NaN
    ```

### Number Methods

The `Number` type has several methods that are useful for number manipulation:

- `toFixed(n)`: Formats a number with `n` digits after the decimal point.
- `toExponential(n)`: Formats a number with `n` digits after the decimal point, using exponential notation.
- `toPrecision(n)`: Formats a number to a total length of `n` digits. Includes all digits before the decimal point and those after it.

For example:

```javascript
let myNumber = 10.878678;

console.log(myNumber.toFixed(2)); // Outputs: "10.88"
console.log(myNumber.toExponential(2)); // Outputs: "1.09e+1"
console.log(myNumber.toPrecision(4)); // Outputs: "10.88"
```

JavaScript also includes the `Math` object which has methods and constants that are helpful when performing mathematical operations.