##### created at 📖14-07-2023 13:30 🕛

JavaScript supports several types of loops to perform repeated actions:

1. **for loop:** This is the most commonly used loop in JavaScript. It repeats until a specified condition evaluates to false. The syntax for a `for` loop is:

```javascript
for (let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  console.log(i); // This will print numbers 0 through 9.
}
```

2. **while loop:** The `while` loop executes its statements as long as a specified condition evaluates to true. If the condition becomes false, the code block inside the loop will stop executing.

```javascript
let i = 0;
while (i < 10) {
  console.log(i); // This will print numbers 0 through 9.
  i++;
}
```

3. **do-while loop:** The `do-while` loop is similar to the `while` loop, but it tests the condition at the end of the loop. This means the loop will always be executed at least once, even if the condition is false.

```javascript
let i = 0;
do {
  console.log(i); // This will print numbers 0 through 9.
  i++;
} while (i < 10);
```

4. **for...in loop:** The `for...in` loop iterates over all the enumerable properties of an object. This is mostly used for object properties, not for array elements.

```javascript
let person = {fname:"John", lname:"Doe", age:25};

for (let property in person) {
  console.log(property + ': ' + person[property]); // This will print the property names and their values.
}
```

5. **for...of loop:** The `for...of` loop creates a loop iterating over iterable objects, including: built-in String, Array, array-like objects (e.g., arguments or NodeList), TypedArray, Map, Set, and user-defined iterables.

```javascript
let arr = [3, 5, 7];

for (let i of arr) {
  console.log(i); // This will print numbers 3, 5, 7.
}
```

Each of these loops are best used in different circumstances, depending on what you need to do and the data structures you're working with.

### **LINKS**
[[6.2.1 - JavaScript - Control Structures - Loops - for loop]]
[[6.2.2 - JavaScript - Control Structures - Loops - continue and break statement]]
[[6.2.3 - JavaScript - Control Structures - Loops - loop inside a loop (nested loop)]]
[[6.2.4 - JavaScript - Control Structures - Loops - while loop]]
[[6.2.5 - JavaScript - Control Structures - Loops - differences between while loop and for loop]]
