Sure! A while loop is another type of loop in JavaScript. It executes a block of code as long as a specific condition is true. The syntax is as follows:

```javascript
while (condition) {
  // code block to be executed
}
```

Let's take a look at a basic example:

```javascript
let i = 0;

while (i < 5) {
  console.log(i);
  i++;
}
```

In this example, as long as the variable `i` is less than 5, the code within the block will be executed. This results in the numbers 0 through 4 being logged to the console. 

Be careful though, if the condition never becomes false, the while loop will continue indefinitely, creating an infinite loop. For example, if you forget to increment `i` in the example above, the loop will run forever because `i` will always be less than 5.

Similar to the for loop, the while loop can be used with the `break` and `continue` keywords. A `break` statement will immediately exit the loop, while a `continue` statement will skip the rest of the current loop iteration and immediately start the next one.

Lastly, a variant of the while loop is the do...while loop. The do...while loop will execute the block of code once, before checking if the condition is true, then it will repeat the loop as long as the condition is true.

```javascript
let i = 0;

do {
  console.log(i);
  i++;
} while (i < 5);
```

In this case, the block of code is executed once before the condition is checked. If the condition is true, the loop will continue; otherwise, it will end. This guarantees that the block of code inside the loop is executed at least once.
