
### HTML forms are used to collect user input. The `<form>` element acts as a container for different types of input elements such as text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, submit buttons, etc.

Here's a simple HTML form example:

```html
<form action="/submit_form" method="post">
  <label for="fname">First name:</label><br>
  <input type="text" id="fname" name="fname"><br>
  <label for="lname">Last name:</label><br>
  <input type="text" id="lname" name="lname"><br>
  <input type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>
```

<form action="/submit_form" method="post">
  <label for="fname">First name:</label><br>
  <input type="text" id="fname" name="fname"><br>
  <label for="lname">Last name:</label><br>
  <input type="text" id="lname" name="lname"><br>
  <input type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>

Let's break down this example:

- `<form action="/submit_form" method="post">`: The `action` attribute defines where the data gets sent. Here it is being sent to a page on the server called "/submit_form". The `method` attribute defines how data is sent. In this case, it's sent as a HTTP POST request.

- `<label for="fname">First name:</label>`: The `<label>` tag defines a label for several elements like `<input>`, `<select>`, etc. The `for` attribute in the `<label>` tag should be equal to the `id` attribute in the related element to bind them together. [[5.4.2-HTML tags - basics - forms - label]]

- `<input type="text" id="fname" name="fname">`: The `<input>` element is the most used form element. An `<input>` element can be displayed in many ways, depending on the `type` attribute. Here the `type` is "text" which defines a one-line text input field. The `name` attribute is used to reference the form data after the form is submitted.

- `<input type="submit" value="Submit">`: The `type` "submit" defines a button for submitting the form data to the form-handler. The form-handler is typically a server page with a script for processing the input data. The form-handler is specified in the `action` attribute.

There are many different types of inputs you can have, for example:

- **Text Fields (`type="text"`):** Allows the user to type letters, numbers, etc.
- **Password (`type="password"`):** Same as text fields but it hides the input. [[5.4.1-HTML tags - basics - forms - email, password, submit input type]]
- **Radio Buttons (`type="radio"`):** Lets the user select one option from a set. [[5.4.3-HTML tags - basics - forms - input tag - radio attribute]]
- **Checkboxes (`type="checkbox"`):** Lets the user select multiple options from a set.
- **Submit Button (`type="submit"`):** Submits the form data.
- **Reset Button (`type="reset"`):** Resets all the form fields to their initial values.
- **Drop-Down Lists (`<select>`):** Lets the user select one option from a dropdown list. [[5.4.4-HTML tags - basic - forms - dropdown menu]]
- **Textarea (`<textarea>`):** Allows multiple lines of text to be submitted. [[5.4.5-HTML tags - basic - forms - textarea]]
- **Date (`type="date"`):** Allows the user to select a date.
And there are many more!

Each of these input types has different attributes that you can use to control their behavior and validate user input. For example, you can use the `required` attribute to make sure that the user fills in a value, or the `min` and `max` attributes to set the acceptable range for a numeric input.

