## Launching an Interactive Python Shell

The interactive Python shell, also referred to as the Python Interpreter or REPL (Read Evaluate Print Loop), allows you to interactively write and execute Python code. You can launch the Python shell in your terminal by executing the `python` command. Here's how to do it:

### Python 2.x Interactive Shell

To open the Python 2.x interactive shell, execute the following command in your terminal:

```sh
$ python
```

This will start an interactive session. For instance:

```python
Python 2.7.12 (default, Jun 28 2016, 08:46:01)
[GCC 6.1.1 20160602] on linux
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>>> print 'Hello, World'
Hello, World
>>>
```

To exit the Python 2 shell, simply type:

```python
>>> exit()
```

### Python 3.x Interactive Shell

For Python 3.x, you can launch the interactive shell by using the `python3` command:

```sh
$ python3
```

This will open an interactive session. For example:

```python
Python 3.6.0 (default, Jan 13 2017, 00:00:00)
[GCC 6.1.1 20160602] on linux
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>>> print('Hello, World')
Hello, World
>>>
```

To exit the Python 3 shell, type:

```python
>>> exit()
```

### Loading a File in Interactive Mode

You can also start the interactive prompt and load a Python file using the `-i` flag followed by the filename. For example, to load the `hello.py` file, use the following command:

```sh
$ python -i hello.py
```

This will execute the contents of the file and start an interactive session. You should see the output of the file execution followed by the interactive prompt:

```python
"Hello World"
>>>
```

Remember, the interactive Python shell is a useful tool for testing code snippets, exploring Python features, and quickly experimenting with code. You can exit the interactive shell at any time using the `exit()` or `quit()` command.

Alternatively, `CTRL + D` will close the shell and put you back on your terminal's command line.

If you want to cancel a command you're in the middle of typing and get back to a clean command prompt, while staying inside the Interpreter shell, use` CTRL + C` .